ana
me
The Hello nerd is today you can see the video will continue to last
Arms Change Series Kamen Rider Zantsuki Shin Melon Energy Arms Other Arms
I would like to compare with the change series riders
That's why I would like to line up with the other riders without hate
To go
Please try this and it is very cool
No, it was the same as when I was really greed, but I really can't throw away anything
You're
Each one has a great strong personality
By the way, it becomes like this when the melon arms stand in the middle
Yappa further black shadows and turtle rider from here I'll have orange pointing color really worked
I want all the arm's change series to be released one after another in Bravo et al.
Will be
It feels like there are so many and still good
It's there is no loss none I Arms change series
Let's try this two-shot with other riders for a while
First of all
It is a two-shot of Oita Prefecture
Tension in the play is transmitted very much
Then Baran and I do not hate Baron by all means, but certainly like this
I reproduced a little because there was a scene
Hawk next to convince a desperate if there is something in the shot is a story from two people relationship between the previous and rumors
I have to say something like that put an older brother to the tiger brother
It feels like your brother is convinced
If it's something to beat, it's worth it
It is my brain delusion
Next is a two-shot with Greed and I'm trying to fight until the end while being chased
It is a place-
Or Hey feel Is such as those thinking about something that sly
It is a very scary image if I imagine 10 seconds after the end
What
Shaking movie It is an image that is appealing to the movie and freaking frantically
By the way, this Ega-chan and Gridon stand alone without support
Often it stood now seed
Next is another body of the arms change series released to date.
I would like to do something about what happens with the energy arms in my eyes
The first is the sixth
I think you look tightened the entire Oh this cool princess
This is good
Followed by Baron
I feel that Sonic Arrow is covered in red with some red color and some color .
This is also It is not bad Kedomo
Followed by remarks
It has surprisingly Nde motif of different green and also I team spirit is good parentheses
Zanetsu followed
The same thing is a little different I think this is also the case
Then I Glee
This is cool too-
It is delicious likely I'm feeling that chocolate melon
Ige-chan will be expected to wonder if I'm not trying to say something like this
So how was this review?
It is a product with a very high play value as in the previous Arms Change series
I will
As you gather a lot, the world of Masked Rider Samurai spreads in the desk like this
Of course I'm thinking about purchasing this Arms Change Series from Masked Rider Zantsuki Makoto
It is also recommended for those who are
Always subscribe and comment high rating etc
You really will be another always very encouraging Thank you very much
We would like to continue reviewing toys more and more, so please keep in mind
To do
By the way, next train company squadron Tokyuger will do it by super limited express last week, so please
Please look forward to it and let's see you in the next video